hey what's up youtubers creeps movers in
a video of all headphone review of um
jvc stereo headphone jbc flats they come
in three colors ah three no four sorry I
silver red blue and black I don't mind
red I have to say these phones are
they're pretty sick I mean if you don't
want to spend a lot of money on a skull
candy and stuff this is it's pretty good
for you get headphones good sound
quality pretty small don't look too
stupid on your head and you can adjust
them here sighs they fit around your
neck really good to have a big head of
small head does it matter they go really
loud actually my pots dead right now so
i canna do a sound test but i will maybe
in another video the cord is pretty long
I have to say it's um how long it is but
i'll go is it going
nowhere else Ohio music on this company
cheap I got mine for twenty-five dollars
plus tax and all that crap but up with
all my on sale so usually they're like
35 something sorry or whatever in that
kind of price range so if you don't want
any way too much money on skullcandy or
sony style hats mother whatever go get
these because these are pretty good I'd
read these vote for four or five the
only downfall i had with these is if you
guys here have your best friend and you
like a headband to your music or if you
like if you're like uh like popping your
head to music these these will come out
come out come off your head are you
moving around or not that like stable on
your head but if you just you're walking
or it's fine if you're running probably
not because the motion and up and down
it's good so um little extra news here
go check out cold cruise next video was
i but such giveaway don't forget
subscribe to me making me wear ipod
touch my LG gossips not coming for next
week so this is pretty much it
subscribe please just watch